WhatsApp Privacy Policy — Key Information

We collect information to provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. The information we receive and collect depends on how you use our Services. You provide your information, including your mobile phone number and basic profile information such as profile name and profile picture to create a WhatsApp account. If you do not provide us with this information, you will not be able to create an account to use our Services.

We collect hardware model, operating system information, battery level, signal strength, app version, browser information, mobile network, connection information including phone number, mobile operator or ISP, language and time zone, IP address, device operations information, and identifiers. We also collect location information if you choose to share your location with your contacts or view locations nearby or locations shared by others within our Services.

How We Share Information With Third Parties and Meta Companies. As part of the Meta Companies, WhatsApp receives information from, and shares information with, the Meta Companies. We may use the information we receive from them, and they may use the information we share with them, to help operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services and their offerings. This includes helping improve systems and security, fighting spam, threats, abuse or infringement activities, and enhancing user experiences such as making product recommendations or showing relevant offers and ads across Meta Company Products.

We also work with third-party service providers and Meta partners to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. When we share information with third-party service providers in this capacity, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms. We do not sell your personal data to advertisers or third-party brokers.
